Skip to main content

Accessibility Overview


Search

1


Home

Organization

Personal
Saved

View Job Posting Details
Epic Cadence Analyst II
Epic Cadence Analyst II
POSITION SUMMARY:



The Applications Analyst II is a business specialist and technology generalist responsible for aligning technology solutions with business strategies. The Applications Analyst II is responsible for proactively identifying opportunities to apply technologies to business processes by informing and advising customers on information system technologies' functionality, costs, benefits, and implementation requirements. The Applications Analyst II functions as technical liaison and broker of services with various vendors. The Applications Analyst II must develop and maintain credibility and effective working relations with both customer management and IT personnel. The Applications Analyst II must demonstrate an understanding of business problems, as well as IT strategies, issues, and priorities. This position requires forward-thinking individuals who seek opportunities to apply technology to improving business processes within strategic system goals.



Position: Epic Cadence Analyst II       

Department: Revenue Business Systems

Schedule: Full Time



JOB REQUIREMENTS



EDUCATION:

Associate's degree (or equivalent combination of formal education and experience).
Bachelor's degree preferred.


EXPERIENCE:

Requires at least 2 + years relevant experience in either of the following:  Business systems analysis, preferably across multiple hardware and software platforms or
Business unit experience that includes working closely with IT in the development and implementation of systems.


KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS:

Knowledge of the assigned business area's products and processes.
Strong technical knowledge and ability to express complex technical concepts in terms that is understandable to the business.
Understanding of project management concepts in planning and implementing multiple projects in a cross functional environment.
Strong written communication skills, including project documentation and technical writing.
Strong verbal communication skills while interacting with team members, other teams in the IT department, end users, and/or other departments throughout the organization
Strong analytical and conceptual skills; a demonstrated track record in new concept development for various projects and complex technical plans.
Ability to solve problems often spanning multiple environments in a business area.
Understanding of how IT affects an organization and ability to link it to redesigned business process
Ability to be a team player; flexible, friendly, congenial, and enthusiastic.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office products.


Epic Analysts:

Upon hiring, successful completion of Epic's certification program must be completed within 6 weeks of taking the last class for the supported application.



Additional experience desired:

Previous experience in business process re-engineering or process improvement is desirable, involving broad-based information systems and utilizing tools and techniques to effect business change.
Experience in the strategic use of technology in managing and growing a business.
Experience in organizing, planning, and executing projects from vision through implementation, involving internal personnel, contractors, and vendors. HL7 knowledge is a plus


Compensation Range:

$66,500.00- $96,500.00

This range offers an estimate based on the minimum job qualifications. However, our approach to determining base pay is comprehensive, and a broad range of factors is considered when making an offer. This includes education, experience, skills, and certifications/licensures as they directly relate to position requirements; as well as business/organizational needs, internal equity, and market-competitiveness. In addition, BMCHS offers generous total compensation that includes, but is not limited to, benefits (medical, dental, vision, pharmacy), discretionary annual bonuses and merit increases, Flexible Spending Accounts, 403(b) savings matches, paid time off, career advancement opportunities, and resources to support employee and family well-being. 

NOTE: This range is based on Boston-area data, and is subject to modification based on geographic location.

Job Details
Job Requisition ID
45186
Location
Remote
Posting Date
05/15/2026 - 3 days ago
Job Family
Applications
Time Type
Full time
Job Type
Regular
Supervisory Organization
Cadence (Kristen Elliott)
Hiring Team
Recruiter
	
Layveana Terrell
Hiring Manager
Kristen Elliott
View Team Members
Similar Jobs
Applications Analyst II - Epic Inpatient ClinDoc/Stork
Applications Analyst II - Epic Research
